Data Structures – Week 4 Assignment
Searching Algorithms

In week 3, we developed an application that would help a local library organize their book 
collection by sorting it in alphabetical order. To accomplish such a task, you implemented 
an insertion sort, to sort the books in the requested order.

For our next project, we are going to expand on the existing functionalities, and add searching 
capabilities to the application, so that users could search for a book by author, title, or 
ISBN number. To accomplish this task and implement requested searches, we will be implementing a 
sequential search algorithm.

Week 4 Scenario:

A local library hired you to create a program that will help them organize their book collection. 
Their collection consists of 3500 books. They would like to sort the books in alphabetical order, 
so users can find specific book faster.

For this project, create a menu-driven, Console application that will read the data from a text 
file, store the data in the linked list, and then use an insertion sort to sort the data into 
alphabetical order.

Each field in the text file will be stored in a separate line. Starting the application will cause 
creation of a linked list, with one node corresponding to one book. Each node will contain the 
following information: author, title, publisher, description, ISBN, and year published. Furthermore, 
when started, the application will present a welcome message with the current date and a menu with 
the following items:

·         Add new book: program adds the book to the list and to the text file

·         Remove book: program removes the book from the list and from the text file

·         Remove All: program deletes list

·         Sort: program reads the data from the text file, creates and sort the list by the author

·         Search by Author:  program uses sequential search and searches a list of books for the 
specific author’s name

·         Search by Title:  Program uses sequential search and searches a list for the title specified

·         Search by ISBN:  Program uses sequential search, and searches a list for the specified ISBN number

 

Submission

1.    Create a Microsoft Word document name IP1_YourName.docx

2.    Take screenshots, with timestamps, of each menu item in use to show a successful compile and 
successful run. Paste the screenshots into the Word document. NOTE: Failure to provide screenshots 
with time stamps will result in a score of 1.

3.    Copy your code into the Word document. For each line of the code provide a description explaining 
what it does

