A local library hired you to create a program that will help them organize their book collection. 
Their collection consists of 3500 books. They would like to be able to display all books by the 
author, so users could find specific book easier.

For this project, create a menu-driven, console application that will read data from a text file, 
and store the data in the vector container.

Each field in the text file will be stored in a separate line. Starting the application will trigger 
the creation of vector of structs, where each struct will contain one book. Furthermore, structs will 
contain the following information: author, title, publisher, description, ISBN, and year published 
fields. It will be pushed at the back of the vector.

In addition, when started, the application will present a welcome message with the current date, and a 
menu with the following menu items:

·         Add new book: program adds the book to the vector and to the text file

·         Remove book: program removes the book from the vector and from the text file

·         Remove All: program deletes vector

·         Search by author: Program prompts the user for the author’s name, search a vector for an author, 
and if found, the author’s name with the book title will be displayed to the user

·         Search by ISBN Program prompts user for the ISBN number, searches a vector for given ISBN, and 
if found, the author’s name with the book title and ISBN number will be displayed to the user

 

Implement the functionalities that will support such operations.

 

Submission

1.    Create a Microsoft Word document name IP1_YourName.docx

2.    Take screenshots, with timestamps, of each menu item in use to show a successful compile and 
successful run. Paste the screenshots into the Word document. NOTE: Failure to provide screenshots 
with time stamps will result in a score of 1.

3.    Copy your code into the Word document. For each line of the code provide a description explaining 
what it does